Create new `Tabs` component (#1232)
steelthreads/agds-next: packages/react/src/tabs/docs/overview.mdx

---
title: Tabs

> description: Tabs are used to organise related content. They allow the user to navigate between each section of related content, displaying one section at a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Tabs are used to categorise content into seperate views. A user can navigate between each section of content, displaying one section at a time.
```

				lacus. Etiam pellentesque eros finibus ultricies malesuada. Sed eget
				libero suscipit, dictum lacus sit amet, venenatis dolor. Sed porttitor
				lorem turpis, ac suscipit lacus vehicula id. Aliquam id venenatis augue.
				Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur
				ridiculus mus. Integer viverra metus sed dolor euismod consectetur. Cras
				mauris nisi, elementum vel eros sed, faucibus rhoncus mauris. Phasellus
				eu ante vehicula, luctus libero in, malesuada nulla.
			</Text>
		</TabPanel>
		<TabPanel>
			<Text as="p">
				Duis eu bibendum urna. Integer nisl massa, aliquam scelerisque hendrerit
				at, ullamcorper quis turpis. Proin vulputate tincidunt neque ut
				sollicitudin. In ullamcorper neque justo, vitae euismod ante aliquam
				eget. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes,
				nascetur ridiculus mus. Donec eu purus ac ante tempus vulputate ac vel
				mauris. Duis congue augue augue, quis elementum nisl ultricies
				fermentum. Sed pellentesque leo ut est semper vulputate.
			</Text>
		</TabPanel>
	</TabPanels>
</Tabs>
```

<DoHeading />

> - use to group related content into different sections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use to categorise content into different sections
- embed text, tables, summary lists, charts etc
```

- use clear labels
- order the tabs according to the user needs
- if the tabs are growing large in size, consider breaking up large chunks of content into separate pages.

<DontHeading />

- disable tabs
- use a single tab
- use for page navigation - use the [Sub nav](components) component instead
- use to indicate progress - use the [Progress indicator](/components/progress-indicator) component instead

> - use if the user needs to compare information between two or more tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use if the user needs to compare information between two or more tabs.
- embed information that is critical for users in tabs
- embed long-form content. Keep Tabs concise
```
